# TechBot4
Part List
-https://www.adafruit.com/product/4311?srsltid=AfmBOopb0Z9bzDvCusqRwQuAI18eDbWa0XD_RDmqvqr7_hGu1QP7qzMz
-https://jlcpcb.com/partdetail/EspressifSystems-ESP32_WROOM_32N8/C529582

# What is it?
The TechBot4 is a ESP32 WROOM 32 N8 based pen testing tool. It acts exactly like the ESP32 'Maruader' by JustCallMeKoKo and preforms the same functions, this is just a clone of the work already done. The device will have a 2.0 inch 320x240 pixel display with an EYESPI connector and an added MircoSD card holder. The part is made by Adafruit and is an IPS display having a wide angle of viewing. It will run on 3.7V battery power and have 1500mAh, the battery will need a battery management system but it is still a work in progress. It will be navigated by 6 buttons with one in the middle used to select and the four around to navigate left, right, up and down. It will also need 1 more button to reset and boot the board and I need to add a switch to turn on and off the board(I could make the switch be connected directly to the battery but it risks having a voltage shock every time lowering the life of the TechBot. I could wire the switch a GPIO pin but the battery would be constantly drained. I need to do some more research to find out whats best.) I need too find all the parts, design a schematic with proper wiring and be efficent as possible to have the longest battery and component life. The PCB needs to be also designed efficently and could use some ground planes which i've recently been learning about. Then the 3D model, I want it to be stylish, fit in mypocket and be durable. My first pick for the type of filement would be PETG but if I aqiure better filiment I can use it to make a very durable case. 

